Open JDK modules on demand for CC serialization (#38212)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/optimizing-builds/configuration-cache/configuration_cache_requirements.adoc

To share or coordinate state between tasks, use <<build_services.adoc#build_services, shared build services>>.

[[config_cache:requirements:user_defined_modules]]
==== Classes from User-defined Modules

Types loaded into a user-defined `ModuleLayer` (for example, one created at runtime via `ModuleLayer.defineModulesWith*Loader(...)`) must not be referenced by task state.
The Configuration Cache ignores module information when saving and cannot restore such types properly, so they're rejected at store time.

> This restriction only applies to build logic (including plugins and dependencies of plugins). Code built with Gradle isn't affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This restriction only applies to build logic (including plugins and dependencies of plugins).
Code built with Gradle isn't affected.
```

Standard JDK types are unaffected: every module shipped with the JVM lives in the boot `ModuleLayer` and is fully supported, including types from non-`java.base` modules such as `java.desktop` (`java.awt.Color`, `javax.swing.*`) or `java.xml`.

> In environments where the agent is available, Gradle automatically opens any JDK packages that need deep reflective access during serialization, so user code does not need to add `--add-opens` for them.

Reviewer: Nit pick on coderabbit suggestion:
```suggestion
When the Gradle Java agent is enabled (the default), Gradle automatically opens the JDK packages it needs during serialization, so user code does not need to add `--add-opens` for them.
```
